feat(vm): add resource `cloudavenue_vm_affinity_rule` (#194)
orange-cloudavenue/terraform-provider-cloudavenue: docs/resources/vm_affinity_rule.md

---
page_title: "cloudavenue_vm_affinity_rule Resource - cloudavenue"
subcategory: "VM"
description: |-
  Provides a CloudAvenue VM Affinity Rule. This can be used to create, modify and delete VM affinity and anti-affinity rules.
---

# cloudavenue_vm_affinity_rule (Resource)

> Provides a CloudAvenue VM Affinity Rule. This can be used to create, modify and delete VM affinity and anti-affinity rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provides a Cloud Avenue VM Affinity Rule. This can be used to create, modify and delete VM affinity and anti-affinity rules.
```
